"airhead!"
"Okabe was an"
"t hurts"
"uch coffee i"
"I drank so m"
"ters work?"
"How many let"
"!  Bye."
"t' s all good"
"What' s up? I"
"a is not my"
"Christin"
"I am牧瀬紅莉"
"? Rest disap"
"is the limit"
"Three lines"
"change limit"
"1 or 2 byte"
"susesotatitu"
"kikukekosasi"
"a i u e o ka"
"YZ"
"MNOPQRSTUVWX"
"ABCDEFGHIJKL"
"I got it now"
"1byte=12char"
"2byte=6char"
"timer change"
"with 60sec!"
"with timer"
"change ETA"
"1sec = 1hour"
"1 more plz!"
"We need to have an urgent meeting tomorrow、so all lab mems assemble in the lab by 1PM. This meeting is mandatory. Be sure to come!"
"This is about the Microwave Ophone's improvements、but did you forget what we said about finding out what's acting as a lifter? We can't complete the Time Leap Machine unless we settle that. You do want me to finish after one day、don't you?"
"What acts in place of the lifter is the 42 type Braun Tube TV downstairs. When it's turned on、the Microwave Ophone (Temp)'s electrical discharge phenomenon occurs. So you can keep working on the improvements without any worry."
"Joined up with Mayuri. We're heading out to Ariake. \n\n Kinda exciting lol"
"More than I expected. Save me! orz"
"""Cease to inquire what the future has in store、and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth"" \n\n -Horace、Italian philosopher. I'm going back to my hotel. Do what you're going to do properly. Well、goodnight."
"You made sure to write \rsthe report\re、right? For your information、I wasn't joking yesterday. If、by chance、you didn't write it、then you have no right to call yourself a \rsscientist\re、Okabe. I'm \rswell aware\re of the importance of writing theses; at least more aware than you、who just got into university!"
"I am not a man who follows conventions. I won't obsess over theses like other scholars!"
"I am not a mere scientist.... I am an insane mad scientist!"
"Then show me... your true ability!"
"What do you mean ""\rsmad\re"" scientist? More like \rsbad scientist\re、am I right?"
"If you don't know what ""mad"" means in this context、I'll tell you. It's the ""insane"" definition."
"Pfft、whats with the corny grampa joke...."
"Don't call it a \rscorny grampa joke\re!"
"So basically、you're an ""insane insane scientist、"" huh. That's on the same level as ""hot water heater"" (lol) and an ""aching headache"" (lol)."
"Then how about an unfunny American joke?"
"While you're out、can you buy me a fork? Because I want \rs""my fork.""\re  And some \rscup noodles\re for dinner too. There was something like ""Gen-chan Ramen."" That."
"Is it okay to leave me alone here as caretaker、even though I'm an \rsoutsider\re? You know、I could steal away all of your precious \rsFuture Gadgets\re."
"Japanese TV programs are all \rsboring\re、aren't they? But then again、in America、all I watched was news and \rsdramas\re."
"Don't you have a ""my spoon?"" Why don't you have a fork even though you have a spoon? Are you stupid?"
"My assistant really loves her cup noodles、huh. I'm gonna call you Koike-san."
"You are not an outsider. If I dare say it、yes... you are a lab mem!"
"If you really want one、just take any. But you'll have to pay."
"I agree with you there. The Japanese media has already fallen into the hands of the ""organization."" It's become nothing more than a tool in Operation Stupidify Japan."
"Be careful. The media around the world is already under the patronage of the ""organization."" You'll get engrossed and brainwashed."
"It's a \rsdisgrace\re to be thought of as your partner. I doubt your character. Anyway、finish up your errands and come back quick."
"If I were to choose one、I guess I'd take this ghost in the shell looking ball. Doesn't it kind of feel artsy? But I'll \rsdecline\re."
"Then why do you keep coming to the lab each day? I understand、you are actually so happy to be a lab mem that you can't help it!"
"You really are an @channeler"
"And it's warm. It's been so long since my last \rsJapanese summer\re、but I don't remember it being this humid.... \rsGonna dye\re...."
"I forgot to mention it、but could you buy me some cup noodles for dinner? There was something like ""\rsHacodate Number 1\re."" That."
"Gyah! \rsA cockroach\re came out!　GELP！　HELP_MEEE"
"I'm taking a bottle of Dr Pepper from the fridge、okay?"
"Well、anyway、when I calm down and think about it、\rswhy am I still here?\re I should have already gone back to \rsAmerica\re by now."
"You just have to deal with it until I come up with a ""Weather Change Device."""
"A typo? No、Cristina、you really are an @channeler."
"You're inconsistent. Just a while ago you said you wanted to eat ""Gen-chan Ramen."""
"Initiate Hououin Style Cockroach Extermination Arts. Smaaaaaash-!"
"Everything is Steins;Gate's choice. El psy congroo."
"You missing your mommy? Then just make an international call!"
"I never said anything about ""Gen-chan Ramen、"" but what is it?"
"\rsNae-chan\re got it for me. I'm saved.... Japanese roaches are so fast. So scary."
"""Nae-chan"" seems like a really interesting name. Who is that?"
"I don't care about this Steins;Gate thing、but if you think about it in terms of chaos theory、maybe you derailed my gear somewhere lol. At any rate、take responsibility for getting me invovled."
"Going from Tokyo to Aomori by bullet train is over 15、000 yen per person、but by late night bus is only 5、000 yen. Which do you want?　I want to cover\rstraveling expenses\re. But I don't really have that much on hand. I'm staying at a hotel、but I'm not a celeb. Mama's pretty strict on money. Not to mention she'd kill me if she knew I went to meet my father.　So、should it be best to go by \rslate night bus\re to fit our budget?"
"What are you so happy about! Don't forget your duty as a lab mem!"
"It doesn't really matter either way."
"I'm not being happy about anything、idiot! Dye! What the HELL!"
"That really helps me out a lot. For now、I'll keep at it making that Time Leap Machine. Since I'm a lab mem lol"
"Sorry、I said to much（´・ω・` ）　But Okabe、shouldn't you choose your words better too...?"
"Wah、nobody's in the lab.\rsI don't have a key\re、so I can't get inside. When are you coming over today? You were always here、so I assumed it was normal. Now that I think about it、it almost feels like I've been visiting your \rshouse\re、Okabe. Er、no、it's not like I want to visit your house or anything!"
"Use the one hidden in the switchboard next to the door."
"Quit it. My room is a dead sea. Take one step inside、and it's too late..."
"I found the key just fine. But aren't you a little lax on \rssecurity\re? It's absurd to even think about picking a \rsfight\re with SERN with something as lame as this lol.　Also、what's this \rsfrog\re that's been left with the key? Someone's bad taste? Only a maniac would put something that gross there. ...Actually、it scared the crap outta me、but keep that a \rssecret\re、lol okay?"
"Everything's scattered everywhere. The lab's a mess \rsbecause of you boys.\re Well、I'm also the type to scatter things around when I'm obsessed with experiments lol. This time I used some deodorizing spray. I disinfected this \rsfilth\re so that there won't be any more roaches! \rsHyahha\re!"
"It's just like you said. I was careless. I was too lax."
"I think it was my mistake. It's all my fault."
"Gero Froggy is a frog that got tremendously popular last year due to the ""Organization"" and its conspiracies."
"I don't need any of your frail girl appeal. Your boldness has been helping me out a lot."
"Doesn't being a little dirty make it seem more laboratory-like?"
"You treat men like dirt、huh. Okay、then this means war."
"You've been expressing a lot of freedoms lately、huh. Even though you've been holding yourself back before."
"gero froggy"
"You seriously considering \rselectric locks or card keys\re? Just who has that sort of \rsmoney\re prepared? That's nothing more than a dream or a delusion. You gotta face \rsreality\re and seriously fight."
"That's true、but after all、I still think I want to observe the LHC for myself. I kind of admire SERN for this matter. But it's completely unrelated to neuroscience lol."
"About three years ago when I rode a roller coaster、Mama was sitting next to me、so I clung to her to avoid the impact and ended up putting her into a sleeper hold. This proved I wasn't weak."
"*Limited to good-looking guys only. Understand. Okabe and Hashida are too insufficient LOLol"
"Isn't Hashida a \rsscent fetishist\re? I mean、every now and then he comes near me and starts \rssniffing\re. Can you say something to him?"
"I remember ""\rsLet me tell you the truth of what just happened\re"" from @channel. I don't know what the source is. I just \rscan't stand the art\re for some reason."
"I never said anything about electric locks or card keys though. Where'd that come from? Wait... Oh、I see、an effect of time leaping."
"Money definitely is important. Sponsor our lab with your thesis publication money. This is an honest request."
"""Reality、"" huh.... Let me tell you truth、but keep it secret. SERN is targeting us. That's the truth. I need your help."
"You're saying stuff about how you're not weak? But I've only heard stuff about you being a scaredy cat. Are you also the type that can't go to haunted houses?"
"Who said you were weak? I don't remember anything like that. Since I just time leaped、I mean. Though I might have said flat chested."
"I see.... Is that your true character?"
"You've been working all night so you should smell sweaty. I'm concerned if Daru might get excited over that. Use the lab's shower at once. I can't guarantee your safety otherwise-!"
"If you drink cola、you're sure to burp!"
"You- you're making me mad."
"At my university research laboratory、we used card keys and fingerprint scanners. That was pretty cool. It's expensive、though、so it's unreasonable to install it at the lab."
"It's not like I got money from that. Even I'm quite tight on living expenses. So much that I can't help but hang out in the lab. I could srsly just lodge at the lab. Since I'm extending my stay thanks to you、Okabe、that much should be alright、right?"
"I can't tell if this is true or just more of your usual BS.... Okabe、this is a serious situation. You're turning into the boy who cried wolf. So only tell me the truth from now on. Please."
"I'm not interested in Japanese haunted houses、and I don't even believe in ghosts one bit. Rather、what I'm scared of is vehicles. Though there's not a high chance of driver's unnatural mistakes causing accidents."
"Not me、Hashida、you dummy! Don't mix us up on purpose! Dye! Anyway、don't you think something's wrong about me getting sniffed by Hashida? You should at least consider stopping Hashida's ＨＥＮＴＡＩ-like tendencies or something."
"I make sure to shower every day! If it so pleases you、come back here this instant and smell me! Get drunk off my sweet fragrance and dye of diabetes! 　And you even dared to peek on me before... That was my fist time to be seen naked by a man、you know.＼( ＾o＾) ／"
"Memetaa! ( ｀・ω・´)"
"Mudamudamudamuda! Road roller!"
"H-hey、you! What the hell was that just now!? That was some loving hug! I'm seriously jealous.... Ah、no、not about getting hugged by you、but about having someone of the opposite sex to lovingly hug! Don't misunderstand me! Anyway、\rswhat was that\re about?"
"I don't have any hidden intention. Don't ask anything more. This is my way of showing integrity."
"Dammit、even though all you do to me is sexual harassment!ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ"
"I don't really care if you get a lover and get all cheerful、but also carefully consider what you're going to do with the Time Leap Machine. We may have created something outrageous. This isn't something we can just leave alone. We should discuss this matter with all the lab mems. I understand this is for Mayuri's sake. I understand、but I still need to say this: Don't get preoccupied with just Urushibara-san. To be honest、I'm still afraid of this monster I created、and can't seem to calm down... Talking to you about this and that made me more relieved."
"How'd it go with that Kiryuu lady? At least let me know if you're still alive! Don't say anything stupid like you died or anything、okay? Please、just \rsrespond\re. Even a mail will do. Because if you don't、I'll be too \rsanxious\re to even eat."
"Don't worry. Thanks for sending me mails like this. It makes me feel like my partners are really here for me."
"Don't worry. Thanks for sending me mails like this. I won't die. Not until I've fulfilled my promise to go to Aomori with you. So don't fret."
"Don't disregard us like yesterday. Not just me、but Mayuri and Hashida are also waiting for you. I don't want to see Mayuri cry."
"Sorry for the late reply、but I want you to listen. Aomori doesn't matter to me. I just want you to be safe、Okabe. Being ignored like yesterday hurt me、like my heart was gouged out. So hurry back home...."
"Where are you? You haven't come to the lab in two days.　You're still in Akihabara、right? We're worried、you know? You were acting strange yesterday. I'll give you some advice、so tell me \rswhere you are\re. Not seeing you somehow makes me go crazy. Hey、where are you? Where could you be? I want to see your face...."
"Let me be alone. I'm looking up to the sky deep in thought."
